# Posture Guardian
Computer Vision Team7

## Objectives
Many people experience poor posture while working or studying in a seated position, especially when sitting for long periods. Such bad posture can lead to discomfort and, in severe cases, even require back surgery. To help prevent this, we developed Posture Guardian — a system that detects poor sitting posture and alerts users to maintain a healthy posture.

## Introduction
While user sitting on the chair, first personalized their default position for threshold.
#### 1. Ready and Setting
When the user are ready, you can show your **Plam**✋hand sign to the camera during 2 seconds.
#### 2. Pose Tracking and Detection
The posture detection starts, then your current pose will be keep tracked, and it will notice you with the message in the video. 
It will notice your bad postures like slouching, turtle neck, and leaning pose with duration time.
#### 2-1. Alarming
These three types of bad posture are detected and alerted through voice messages generated by **TTS (Text-to-Speech)**. 
This helps users not only when they miss visual cues but also reinforces the message through audio.
#### 2-2. Stop
You can pause the Detection with **Victory**✌️ hand sign to the camera. 

## How to use
python main.py (in terminal)
or
Run main.py file (in person)

## Issues and Attempts
First, we tried to pause the detection with **Fist**✊ sign, but fist was so common hand gesture so detection pasued when we didn't intend. So we changed to "Victory" sign.
We tried to build GUI, but there were some issues.
We wanted to collect 7-days data and visualize it, but we don't have enough time to test 7-days.

+ notification for future revision
In state_manager and main module etc.. , some "fist" variables are included in, it doesnt't matter now for process. But in the future when you want to use this with some extra functions, you maybe re-type this "fist" to "victory" variable first.
